Yoda: So certain, are you? Always with you, what cannot be done. Hear you nothing that I say?
Yoda: No! No different! Only different in your mind. You must unlearn what you have learned.
Yoda: No! Try not. Do... or do not. There is no try.
Yoda: Size matters not. Look at me. Judge me by my size, do you? Hmm? Hmm. And well you should not. For my ally is the Force, and a powerful ally it is. Life creates it, makes it grow. Its energy surrounds us and binds us. Luminous beings are we, not this crude matter. You must feel the Force around you; here, between you, me, the tree, the rock, everywhere, yes. Even between the land and the ship.
Yoda: That is why you fail.
Yoda: You must not go!
Yoda: Yes, yes! To Obi-Wan you listen. The cave! Remember your failure at the cave!
Yoda: Stopped they must be. On this all depends. Only a fully trained Jedi Knight with the Force as his ally will conquer Vader and his Emperor. If you end your training now, if you choose the quick and easy path as Vader did, you will become an agent of evil.
Yoda: That face, you make. Look I so old to young eyes? Soon, will I rest, yes. Forever sleep. Earned it, I have. 
Yoda: Strong, am I with the Force...but not that strong. Twilight is upon me, and soon night must fall. That is the way of things...the way of the Force.
Yoda: No more training, do you require. Already know you that which you need.
Yoda: Remember, a Jedi's strength flows from the Force. But beware: Anger, fear, aggression - the dark side, are they. Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny. Luke...Luke...do not... Do not underestimate the powers of the Emperor...or suffer your father's fate you will. Luke.....when gone am I, the last of the Jedi, will you be. Luke...the Force runs strong in your family. Pass on what you have learned. Luke.....There...is...another...Sk...Sky...walker…
Yoda: Confer on you the level of Jedi Knight, the Council does. But agree with your taking this boy as your Padawan learner, I do not!
Yoda: The Chosen One, the boy may be. Nevertheless, grave danger, I fear in his training.
Yoda: Qui-Gon's defiance, I sense in you. Need that, you do not. Agree with you, the Council does. Your apprentice, Skywalker will be.
Yoda: Always two, there are. No more, no less. A master and an apprentice.
Yoda: Hmmm. The Dark Side clouds everything. Impossible to see, the future is.
Yoda: Do not assume anything, Obi-Wan. Clear, your mind must be, if you are to discover the real villains behind this plot.
Yoda: Only the Dark Lords of the Sith know of our weakness. If informed, the Senate is, multiply, our adversaries will.
Yoda: Through negotiation, the Jedi maintain peace. Starting a war, we have no intention of.
Yoda: Joined the Dark Side, Dooku has. Lies, deceit, creating mistrust are his ways now.
Yoda: Victory? Victory, you say? Master Obi-Wan, not victory. The shroud of the Dark Side has fallen. Begun, the Clone War has!
